Update deploying changes (#5372)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: 10/umbraco-deploy/deployment-workflow/deploying-changes.md

## Deploying without using a Git client

> If you don't have a Git client installed on your local machine, you can use Git Bash for command-line Git operations. Execute the following commands:

Reviewer: I believe it is best to keep Git as well and not just Git Bash and instead of "execute" to make it sound more friendly perhaps it can be changed with "do" or "run"?
```suggestion
If you don't have a Git client installed on your local machine, you can use Git or Git Bash for command-line Git operations. Run the following commands:
```

git push
```

> When pulling new commits, it is a good idea to see if any of these commits contained changes to the schema (anything in `umbraco/Deploy/Revision/`). To ensure your local site is up-to-date, confirm compatibility with the updated schema. You can do this by navigating to the `umbraco/Deploy/` folder and creating a deploy marker if it doesn't exist. From a command line type the following command:

Reviewer: We run this operation to see is schema is updated locally, not to verify the compatibility, so I made some suggestions here:
```suggestion
When pulling new commits, it is a good idea to see if any of these commits contained changes to the schema (anything in `umbraco/Deploy/Revision/`). To ensure your local schema is up-to-date, you can navigate to the `umbraco/Deploy/` folder and create a deploy marker if it doesn't exist. From a command line type the following command:
```
